In the last lecture we added the router and we set up basic routing.
But right now we're only able to navigate by changing you or else manually.
We probably also want to add some links so let's add a navigation here a Dave maybe.
And here I will add new link by adding router link and Navjot components shipping with the new router
package now router link then simply takes.
Well caption it should have like for example at home then a number one for the block page and a final
one for the account page.
And to tell us where this link should lead to.
We need to bind the two property and you can either bind it dynamically with rebind colon and then referring
to some property or something like that which holds that name.
Or if you just use two.
Without you we bind you simply enter a string here.
So for example just slash for home and for you have would be slash blog.
So you are path as you probably recognized and then slash count.
Of course the path you specify here has to match the paths you defined here.
Now with this if you had save again you see we got the links here and now we can navigate by clicking
them and that is how easy you can add router links.
Now what about that hash tag in the you are here.